Add removal instructions for devolo Home Network (#35984)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/devolo_home_network.markdown

- Magic 2 DinRail
- Magic 2 LAN 1-1
- Magic 1 LAN 1-1

> ## Remove a devolo device
> 
> This integration follows standard integration removal, no extra steps are required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration follows standard integration removal, no extra steps are required.

{% include integrations/remove_device_service.md %}
```
